Add Homebrew to install and note on code signing (#6)
quicksilver/manual: docs/Introduction.md

## Installing Quicksilver

From the Disc Image (.dmg) file:

  1. [Download Quicksilver](https://qsapp.com/download.php).
  2. Open the `.dmg` file and drag Quicksilver to your Applications folder.
  3. Unmount the Quicksilver volume and delete the `.dmg` file.

Using Homebrew:

[Homebrew is a package manager for OS X](https://brew.sh) for installs, updates and uninstalls of most OS X software:

Open Terminal, type `brew install --cask quicksilver`. You can `uninstall` just as easily. 

## First Launch

> Due to the way Quicksilver is built, OS X raises a [code signing warning (open issue)](https://github.com/quicksilver/Quicksilver/issues/2576))—the quickest way to get around this is to <kbd>ctrl-</kbd> or <kbd>right-click</kbd> the Quicksilver app in Applications, choose "open" from the contextual menu, *then* choose the *extra "open" button* that now appears in the warning dialog box. This only needs doing once, Quicksilver will then launch in future without further issue.

Reviewer: Hi. 

Maybe the `OS X` reference should be changed to `macOS` ??? 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MacOS

Author: Agreed . Old habits! macOS it is, not OS X.
```suggestion
Due to the way Quicksilver is built, macOS raises a [code signing warning (open issue)](https://github.com/quicksilver/Quicksilver/issues/2576))—the quickest way to get around this is to <kbd>ctrl-</kbd> or <kbd>right-click</kbd> the Quicksilver app in Applications, choose "open" from the contextual menu, *then* choose the *extra "open" button* that now appears in the warning dialog box. This only needs doing once, Quicksilver will then launch in future without further issue.
```
